[ra2 ch3] nile proofreading (#3277)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter03.rst

Introduction
------------

> The Anuket Kubernetes Reference Architecture (RA) is intended to be an industry standard-independent Kubernetes

Reviewer: Let's use "Reference Architecture (RA2) for Kubernetes based cloud infrastructure" instead of "Kubernetes Reference Architecture (RA)"

reference architecture that is not tied to any specific offering or distribution. No vendor-specific enhancements are
required to achieve conformance with the Anuket specifications.
Conformance to these specifications can be achieved by using upstream components or features that are developed by the
open source community and is ensured by successfully running RC2 conformance testing suite.

> By using the RA2 Kubernetes-based architecture specifications, operators can deploy infrastructure that will run any 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the RA2 Kubernetes-based architecture specifications, operators can deploy infrastructure that will run any
```

> By using the RA2 Kubernetes-based architecture specifications, operators can deploy infrastructure that will run any 

Reviewer: Use "Reference Architecture (RA2) for Kubernetes based cloud infrastructure" instead of "RA2 Kubernetes-based architecture"

VNF or CNF that has successfully run on an RA2-conformant infrastructure. The purpose of this chapter is to outline all
the components required to provide Telco-grade Kubernetes in a consistent and reliable way. The specification of how to
setup these components is detailed in :ref:`Chapter 04<chapters/chapter04:component level architecture>`.

> Kubernetes is already well-documented and widely deployed as an open-source project managed by the Cloud Native

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes is already well-documented and widely deployed as an open source project hosted by the Cloud Native
```

Computing Foundation (CNCF). For information related to standard Kubernetes features and capabilities, refer to
the standard Kubernetes documentation. Full documentation of the Kubernetes code and project can be found on the

> `Kubernetes docs page<https://kubernetes.io/docs/home/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Kubernetes docs page <https://kubernetes.io/docs/home/>`__.
```

The following chapters describe the specific features required by the Anuket Reference Architecture, and how they are
expected to be implemented.

While this reference architecture provides options for modular components, such as service mesh, the focus of the
Reference Architecture is on the abstracted interfaces and features that are required for Telco workload management and
execution.

:doc:`Chapter 4<ref_model:chapters/chapter04>` of the Reference Model (RM) describes the hardware and software profiles
that reflect the capabilities and features that the types of Cloud Infrastructure provide to the workloads.
The figure below depicts a high-level view of the software features that apply to each instance profile (basic and

> high-performance). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
high-performance).
```

Introduction
------------

The Anuket Reference Architecture (RA2) for Kubernetes based cloud infrastructure is intended to be an industry
standard-independent Kubernetes reference architecture that is not tied to any specific offering or distribution. 
No vendor-specific enhancements are required to achieve conformance with the Anuket specifications.
Conformance to these specifications can be achieved by using upstream components or features that are developed by the

> open source community and is ensured by successfully running RC2 conformance testing suite.

Reviewer 2: @pgoyal01 suggestion makes this more readable.

By using the Reference Architecture (RA2) for Kubernetes based cloud infrastructure specifications, operators can
deploy infrastructure that will run any VNF or CNF that has successfully run on an RA2-conformant infrastructure. The
purpose of this chapter is to outline all the components required to provide Telco-grade Kubernetes in a consistent and
reliable way. The specification of how to setup these components is detailed in 
:ref:`Chapter 04<chapters/chapter04:component level architecture>`.

> Kubernetes is already well-documented and widely deployed as an open source project hosted by the Cloud Native

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kubernetes is already a well-documented and widely deployed open source project of the Cloud Native
```

Computing Foundation (CNCF). For information related to standard Kubernetes features and capabilities, refer to

> the standard Kubernetes documentation. Full documentation of the Kubernetes code and project can be found on the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the standard Kubernetes documentation that can be found on the
```

`Kubernetes docs page <https://kubernetes.io/docs/home/>`__.
The following chapters describe the specific features required by the Anuket Reference Architecture, and how they are
expected to be implemented.

While this reference architecture provides options for modular components, such as service mesh, the focus of the
Reference Architecture is on the abstracted interfaces and features that are required for Telco workload management and
execution.

> :doc:`Chapter 4<ref_model:chapters/chapter04>` of the Reference Model (RM) describes the hardware and software profiles

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:ref:`Chapter 4<ref_model:chapters/chapter04>` of the Reference Model (RM) describes the hardware and software profiles
```

Author: > Suggested change 
> :doc:`Chapter 4<ref_model:chapters/chapter04>` of the Reference Model (RM) describes the hardware and software profiles
> :ref:`Chapter 4<ref_model:chapters/chapter04>` of the Reference Model (RM) describes the hardware and software profiles

@pgoyal01 thanks - `ref` only works for links to a label within the document, for linking to a whole page (like ch4 in this case), only `doc` works - cf https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-doc-role

Author: (we would know for sure if we still had builds for every PR)

-  Kernel space
-  User space

> The Kernel is the core of the Operating System, controlling all hardware resources and managing the interaction with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kernel is the core of the Operating System, controlling all hardware resources and managing the interaction with
```

     - Supported via IPAM CNI plugin
     - Supported

> For hardware resources that are needed by Kubernetes applications, `Device Plugins 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For hardware resources that are needed by Kubernetes applications, `Device Plugins
```
